YUSHI LIU
6236 Eucalyptus Avenue, Chino, CA 9171XXX-XXX-XXXX  liuyushi418@westpost.net


EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Bachelor of Science in Actuarial Science, minor in Statistics 
University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign, Urbana, Illinois 
(Graduation: December 2014)

Key Courses: Financial Markets  Actuarial Theory  Actuarial Modeling  Statistical Data Management
Actuarial exams passed: Probability (P) & Financial Mathematics (FM) 

General Studies for Bachelor's Degree
Pennsylvania State University, Altoona, Pennsylvania (transferred in 2012)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CHINA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LTD., Chengdu, China  Summer 2014
Summer Intern
Prepared documentation and receipts for financial department, as well as variety of inter-branch documentation. Organized and prepared for meetings such as preparing PowerPoint presentations and associated materials, as well as setting up equipment. 
Participated actively in successful preparation for lecturer competition including contacting and following-up with every lecturer in each branch, documenting non-participants' reasons, and ensuring forms were turned in on time. 
Contributed to training program for new and 1st time employees, managing all supplies, laptops, and exam materials, aiding supervision of trainees' daily work, and conducting performance evaluations and summaries.
Planned and coordinated events. Played active role in supervising daily work of trainees, trainee performance evaluations, and program inventory management.
Commended by all employees including manager, director, and supervisor for outstanding work and contributions.
Recognized for excellent ability to work effectively and manage time.

INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL BANK OF CHINA, Chengdu, China  Summer 2012
Summer Intern 
Assisted determinations of companies' qualifications for loans, organizing and checking for companies' documents, conducting financial analysis and developing Excel tables of applying companies.
Contacted and compiled additional information from clients as needed.
Ensured 100% accuracy of various documents in Excel and text formats, adjusting and transforming content from original formats.
Assisted to analysis risk of the company after issuing loans, and update the company's credit rating.
Provided support for numerous duties including collating reports, filling information, faxing and organizing data and files.  
Lauded by supervisor for outstanding quality of work.

ADDITIONAL PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

CHINESE STOCK MARKET, Chengdu, China  2013&2014
Independent Investor
Achieved 20% profit, leveraging knowledge of financial markets and actuarial analysis to make sound investment decisions in rapidly fluctuating Chinese stock market.

ACTIVITY

University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign Actuarial Science Club
Met with other students, exchange our experience on actuarial exams.
Attended company presentations to know the basic information and background of different companies and their career opportunities. 



VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

Performed successful fundraising in order to buy computers, books and other supplies for students in indigent mountain area school in China including advising, teaching, and motivating students. 
Provided general information including transportation, tour information and tour map to both local and international tourists during Shanghai World Expo.

SKILLS

Language: Mandarin (fluent)
Computer: R-Project for Statistical Computing (intermediate), SAS (basic), SQL (basic), Excel VBA (basic) & MS Office Suite
