Erin Joyce
BSW Graduate from Kutztown University with a minor in Psychology
Broomall, PA 19008
ejoyc737@live.kutztown.edu - (484)-678-9882Private
As a recent graduate, my goal is to obtain employment in order to work and grow in a professional environment where my knowledge, creativity, skills, and experience can be put to the best use. I am eager and willing to gain further experience in my future professional career in the Social Work field. I am personable, hardworking, dedicated, detail oriented, and easy to work with both individually and in a team setting.
Desired Job Type:Full-time
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Intern in Adult Probation and Parole
Delaware County Courthouse
May 2015 to Present
Duties: Case management, meeting with clients/scheduling appointments, urine screening, helping out with specialized treatment teams (VA, substance abuse, mental health), bench warrants, court hearings, linking clients to need resources (broker), counseling (when appropriate), filing paperwork, working in teams. 
 
Also interned from May to August 2014 last summer
Part Time Nanny
Bill and Leigh Ehrlich - Macungie, PA
December 2014 to May 2015
Responsibilities 
Pick-ups and Drop-offs, light house cleaning, preparing meals, making sure the girls (ages 8, 11, and 13) complete homework assignments
Server/Waitress
Valentino's Ristorante Italiano
May 2011 to December 2013
Duties included: Responsible for opening and closing restaurant. Serving lunch and dinner for customers. Making weekly schedule for employees. Cleaning and organizing restaurant. Working and organizing banquet parties for customers.
Server/Waitress
Plush Mills Senior Living - Springfield, PA
June 2007 to August 2010
Duties included: Serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner for residents. Setting up and organizing banquet parties for residents. Cleaning and organizing dining room. Occasionally helping nurses and residents with various needs.
Education
Bachelor in Social Work, Psychology minor
Kutztown University of Pennsylvania
2010 to 2015
High School diploma
Springfield High school - Springfield, PA
September 2006 to June 2010
Skills
Case management (1 year), Proficient in Microsoft Office (10+ years), Interviewing (4 years), Risks/Needs Assessment (3 years), Legal research (1 year), Working with families and youth (5 years)
Additional Information
-I have excellent organizational skills. Good verbal, written and communication skills. General typing skills. Flexibility to work with different staff, different work requests and multiple projects in a short time span; Knowledge of standard office procedures, practices, conduct. Knowledge of the policies, rules, regulations, and organization that relate to health care information management functions. Computer software experience with MS Windows , MS Office (Word, Access and Excel) I have worked with the Delaware County Mental Health Court and other data systems as needed for the past two summers. 
-PA state police background clearance  
-FBI fingerprint clearance  
-Volunteer for Berks County Boys and Girls Club 
-NASW PA chapter member  
-Volunteer for BWIC