                        Nicole  Safarova

           703 E. State Street, Apt. 523, Ithaca, NY 14850

                 (832) 314-3504 | nis9@cornell.edu

                        Education

                Cornell University, Ithaca, NY

                 Expected Graduation:  May 2016
                                                                                                                                           
B.S. in Applied Economics and Management, International Agro/Rural Development (Double Major)

Relevant Coursework: Microeconomics, Macroeconomics, Financial Accounting, Introduction to Investment Banking, International Trade and Finance, Contemporary Controversies in Global Economy, Marketing.


                  Professional Experience

             Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia                                                                        

Finance Analyst Intern, Regulation Supervision and Credit Department                                                      June – July 2015

High priority FRB project to create a securities master data set for evaluating securities eligibility and posted collaterals for purposes of securing bank’s extensions of credit.

Defining and clarifying thousands of fixed income securities vendor data attributes for purpose of cleaning and normalization. “Big data” analysis to ensure data quality and accuracy using SAS and EXCEL. Extensive utilization of Bloomberg terminal to research and validate vendor data.

Created customized SQL code to import and reformat numerous “big data: vendor pricing and reference files” for comprehensive fixed income securities pricing analysis.

             
            National Public Radio, Washington, DC                                                

Finance Intern, Finance & Treasury Department                                                                       September – December 2014

Investment Audit: Conducted an index evaluation and audit of NPR’s 42 investment funds for quarterly board review; analyzed vested interests in Fixed Income, Emerging Markets, Global Equity Markets, Private Equity, Real Estate, and Real Assets.

Investor Management: Analyzed performance data from 30+ global financial entities, including: Vanguard, Cambridge Consulting, private equity firms and $2B hedge fund; totaling 500 million in assets under management.
 
Financial Reporting: Developed daily reports for the CEO and CFO summarizing available liquidity, investment performance, stock market updates, transaction summaries, working capital, payroll, long-term reserves, and banking current statements.

Financial Modeling: Created a macro based asset allocation model for NPR’s 51 institutional investment funds to automate the end-of-month market values and appropriations for the current and previous months.
                

               Halliburton ESG, Houston, TX                                                                                                

Finance Intern, Finance & Accounting Department                                                                           June – August 2014

Provided financial/accounting support to business teams, prepared and checked business transactions, analyzed financial results, and reviewed periodic financial reports.

Gained in-depth knowledge of industry economics, finances, accounting systems, working knowledge of SAP and Global Master data maintenance/updates process.


                Skills and Activities

Foreign Languages: Advanced proficiency in Russian, Intermediate proficiency in Turkish.

Skills: Advanced Excel, SAP, logical thinking, numeracy, analyzing and problem solving, creativity, and attention to details. 

Activities: Alpha Xi Delta sorority, Volunteering, Cornell Ballroom Dance Team.

Training: Corporate financial & economics seminars and workshops.  
