Katie Yewon Kang

                                  Womenswear Assistant Designer

CFDA Excellence in Technical Design Award-Winner. Recent graduate with a BFA in Fashion Design from Parsons the New School of Design. Credited as the sole fall 2013 womenswear Banana Republic scholarship recipient. Strong background in handknitting, couture, and accessory design. Fashion industry design experience. Seek to creatively collaborate with a driven, passionate, and enthusiastic design team.

Areas of Expertise
o	Flat Sketching (Hand & Digital)
o	Rendering & Illustrations (Hand & Digital)
o	Couture Techniques
o	Creative Prints (Digital)
o	Pattern-Making / Draping
o	Hand / Machine Sewing	o	Leathers & Fabric Sourcing
o	Trend Research
o	Fabric Treatment
o	Microsoft Office (Word)
o	Adobe Photoshop
o	Adobe Illustrator & InDesign
Professional Experience

GAP INC., New York, NY, June-August 2014
Full-Time Design Intern 
o	Researched, with senior designers, trends, and references
o	Drew design for dresses and skirts
o	Collaborated with interns from various departments on entire production process
o	Communicated with pattern makers to obtain and fit samples
o	Created illustrations, renderings, and flat sketches
o	Engaged in sample fittings
o	Produced detailed production guidance
o	Styled presentation samples, and presented work to executives
Accomplishment:
o	Design chosen as a 2015 Spring / Summer Collection finalist


Education & Awards

Bachelor of Fine Arts, Fashion Design, Parsons the New School for Design, New York, NY
Courses: PUFD 2110 Couture Design Techniques, 3120 Handknitting, 3172 Accessory Design

Geoffrey Beene Design Scholarship . Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA) . 2014
Sole Recipient for Excellence in Technical Design

Banana Republic Internship . Parsons the New School for Design . 2013
Summer Internship and Scholarship Awarded to Four Students . Only Womenswear Recipient

                          480 Main St. Apt. 7E, New York, NY 10044
                          XXX-XXX-XXXX . kangy54610@westpost.net
